README.md, before:

# ExplainXKCD-Button Firefox Addon
Firefox extension that changes one of the [XKCD](https://www.xkcd.com/) nav buttons to an 'Explain' button which links to the relevant [ExplainXKCD](https://www.explainxkcd.com/wiki/index.php/Main_Page) page. The button that is replaced can be configured from the extension settings menu.

## Installation

#### The Easy Way

Make sure you're using Firefox. Just go to the releases tab and click the `.xpi` file in the latest release. Firefox will ask if you want to allow the addon to be installed, so click "Allow". That's it! You're done. If Firefox tells you it prevented this site asking you to install software, you might consider changing your Firefox preferences, or...

#### The Hard Way

Download the `.xpi` file from the releases tab and save it on your computer. Then, go to the addons menu, click the little cog near the top right, then click `Install Add-on From File`. Find the `.xpi` file you downloaded, double click, and you're done.

## Image Gallery

#### Before
![Before userscript](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/David-Hickey/ExplainXKCD-Button-Firefox/master/images/before.png)

#### After
![After userscript](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/David-Hickey/ExplainXKCD-Button-Firefox/master/images/after.png)

#### Settings Menu
Settings are stored locally.

![Settings menu](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/David-Hickey/ExplainXKCD-Button-Firefox/master/images/settings.png)

## Attribution

The icons used are taken from [XKCD](https://xkcd.com) and licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 2.5 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.5/).

Commit message:

Added link to greasemonkey script

README.md, after:

# ExplainXKCD-Button Firefox Addon
Firefox extension that changes one of the [XKCD](https://www.xkcd.com/) nav buttons to an 'Explain' button which links to the relevant [ExplainXKCD](https://www.explainxkcd.com/wiki/index.php/Main_Page) page. The button that is replaced can be configured from the extension settings menu.

You might be interested in my [Greasemonkey userscript](https://github.com/David-Hickey/ExplainXKCD-Button-Userscript) which does basically the same thing but lacks the configuration options.

## Installation

#### The Easy Way

Make sure you're using Firefox. Just go to the releases tab and click the `.xpi` file in the latest release. Firefox will ask if you want to allow the addon to be installed, so click "Allow". That's it! You're done. If Firefox tells you it prevented this site asking you to install software, you might consider changing your Firefox preferences, or...

#### The Hard Way

Download the `.xpi` file from the releases tab and save it on your computer. Then, go to the addons menu, click the little cog near the top right, then click `Install Add-on From File`. Find the `.xpi` file you downloaded, double click, and you're done.

## Image Gallery

#### Before
![Before userscript](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/David-Hickey/ExplainXKCD-Button-Firefox/master/images/before.png)

#### After
![After userscript](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/David-Hickey/ExplainXKCD-Button-Firefox/master/images/after.png)

#### Settings Menu
Settings are stored locally.

![Settings menu](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/David-Hickey/ExplainXKCD-Button-Firefox/master/images/settings.png)

## Attribution

The icons used are taken from [XKCD](https://xkcd.com) and licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 2.5 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.5/).
